### 9.6.3 Subscriber representations and warranties

The CA or Signing Service MUST require, as part of the Subscriber Agreement, that the Applicant make the commitments and warranties set forth in this section, as applicable, for the benefit of the CA and the Certificate Beneficiaries.

Prior to the issuance of a Certificate, the CA SHALL obtain, for the express benefit of the CA and the Certificate Beneficiaries, either:
1.  The Applicant’s agreement to the Subscriber Agreement with the CA, or
2.  The Applicant’s acknowledgement of the Terms of Use.

The CA SHALL implement a process to ensure that each Subscriber Agreement or Terms of Use is legally enforceable against the Applicant. In either case, the Agreement MUST apply to the Certificate to be issued pursuant to the certificate request. The CA MAY use an electronic or “click‐through” Agreement provided that the CA has determined that such agreements are legally enforceable. A separate Agreement MAY be used for each certificate request, or a single Agreement MAY be used to cover multiple future certificate requests and the resulting Certificates, so long as each Certificate that the CA issues to the Applicant is clearly covered by that Subscriber Agreement or Terms of Use. The Subscriber Agreement or Terms of Use MUST contain provisions imposing on the Applicant itself (or made by the Applicant on behalf of its principal or agent under a subcontractor or hosting service relationship) the following obligations and warranties:

1.  **Accuracy of Information:** To provide accurate and complete information at all times in connection with the issuance of a Certificate, including in the Certificate Request and as otherwise requested by the CA.
2.  **Protection of Private Key:** Where the key is available outside a Signing Service, to maintain sole control of, keep confidential, and properly protect, at all times in accordance with [Section 6.2.7.4](#6274-subscriber-private-key-protection-and-verification), the Private Key that corresponds to the Public Key to be included in the requested Certificate(s) (and any associated activation data or device, e.g. password or token). The CA MUST provide the Subscriber with documentation on how to protect a Private Key. The CA MAY provide this documentation as a white paper or as part of the Subscriber Agreement. The Subscriber MUST represent that it will generate and operate any device storing private keys in a secure manner, as described in a document of code signing best practices, which the CA MUST provide to the Subscriber during the ordering process. The CA MUST obligate the Subscriber to use passwords that are randomly generated with at least 16 characters containing uppercase letters, lowercase letters, numbers, and symbols to transport private keys.
3.  **Private Key Reuse:** To not apply for a Code Signing Certificate if the Public Key in the Certificate is or will be used with a non-Code Signing Certificate.
4.  **Use:** To use the Certificate and associated Private Key only for authorized and legal purposes, including not using the Certificate to sign Suspect Code and to use the Certificate and Private Key solely in compliance with all applicable laws and solely in accordance with the Subscriber Agreement or Terms of Use.
5.  **Compliance with Industry Standards**: An acknowledgment and acceptance that the CA may modify the Subscriber Agreement or Terms of Use when necessary to comply with any changes in these Requirements or the Baseline Requirements.
6.  **Prevention of Misuse:** To provide adequate network and other security controls to protect against misuse of the Private Key and that the CA will revoke the Certificate without requiring prior notification if there is unauthorized access to the Private Keys.
7.  **Acceptance of Certificate:** Not to use the Certificate until after the Applicant, or an agent of Applicant, has reviewed and verified the Certificate contents for accuracy.
8.  **Reporting and Revocation:** To promptly cease using a Certificate and its associated Private Key and promptly request that the CA revoke the Certificate if the Subscriber believes that (a) any information in the Certificate is, or becomes, incorrect or inaccurate, (b) the Private Key associated with the Public Key contained in the Certificate was misused or compromised, or (c) there is evidence that the Certificate was used to sign Suspect Code.
9.  **Sharing of Information**: An acknowledgment and acceptance that, if: (a) the Certificate or the Applicant is identified as a source of Suspect Code, (b) the authority to request the Certificate cannot be verified, or (c) the Certificate is revoked for reasons other than Subscriber request (e.g. as a result of private key compromise, discovery of malware, etc.), then the CA is authorized to share information about the Applicant, signed application, Certificate, and surrounding circumstances with other CAs or industry groups, including the CA/Browser Forum.
10. **Termination of Use of Certificate:** To promptly cease using the Private Key corresponding to the Public Key listed in a Certificate upon expiration or revocation of the Certificate.
11. **Responsiveness:** An obligation to respond to the CA's instructions concerning Key Compromise or Certificate misuse within a specified time period.
12. **Acknowledgment and Acceptance:** An acknowledgement and acceptance that the CA is entitled to revoke the certificate immediately if the Applicant were to violate the Terms of Use or the Subscriber Agreement.

