## 1.1 Overview
These Guidelines for the issuance and management of Extended Validation Certificates describe certain of the minimum requirements that a Certification Authority must meet in order to issue Extended Validation Certificates.   Subject Organization information from Valid EV Certificates may be displayed in a special manner by certain relying-party software applications (e.g., browser software) in order to provide users with a trustworthy confirmation of the identity of the entity that controls the Web site they are accessing. These Guidelines incorporate the Baseline Requirements established by the CA/Browser Forum by reference.  A copy of the Baseline Requirements is available on the CA/Browser Forum's website at <https://www.cabforum.org/>.

These Guidelines address the basic issue of validating Subject identity information in EV Certificates and some related matters.   They do not address all of the related matters, such as certain technical and operational ones. This version of the Guidelines addresses only requirements for EV Certificates intended to be used for SSL/TLS authentication on the Internet and for code signing.  Similar requirements for S/MIME, time-stamping, VoIP, IM, Web services, etc. may be covered in future versions.

These Guidelines do not address the verification of information, or the issuance, use, maintenance, or revocation of EV Certificates by enterprises that operate their own Public Key Infrastructure for internal purposes only, where its Root CA Certificate is not distributed by any Application Software Supplier.

